>> Brian: Let's go plug in our
interface to deal with Redux now, okay?
So, go to clientapp.js.
>> Brian: Okay,
we need to plug Redux into our app.
And they've actually done something for
you, so that it's really easy to do.
So, up here at the top I'm
going to import provider
from 'react-redux'.
React redux is a pretty small
library specifically for
connecting the two together.
It's a convenience method,
you could totally do it yourself.
This is just a lot easier.
>> Brian: Okay?
Inside of <browserrouter>.
>> Brian: You're gonna do provider.
>> Brian: And we’ll select that.
>> Brian: So, yeah,
BrowserRouter, then provider.
And then everything else.
>> Brian: And then the other
thing we need to to is import up
here is import store from './store'.
>> Brian: Okay, up there.
>> Brian: And we're gonna say,
store =
>> Brian: So, now,
this little tiny library it kind of does
[LAUGH] a little bit of black magic.
I wouldn't worry too much exactly
about how it internally works.
But what it's gonna do is it's going to
make redux available inside of your app,
so, now, you can connect to your app to
redux where it needs to be connected.
>> Brian: Now, that it's available
let's go back to landing.js.
>> Brian: So, up here at the top.
We're going to import
from 'react-redux'.
Again we're in landing.js.
Connect is a method that
we'll use here momentarily.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Brian: Then what we're gonna
do down here underneath landing.
We're going to create a new function
called const mapStateToProps.
>> Brian: That's going to be
a function that takes in state.
>> Brian: And
what it's going to do is it's going
to return an object
searchTerm: state.searchTerm.
So, basically it's gonna take
in your entire redux store, and
you're going to return a object of
just the particular piece of state
that this component cares about, right?
So, landing cares about search term,
it cares about nothing else from redox, so
it's only going to take in search term.
So, what this is going to do is it's going
to take this redox state, and its going to
pass this in as props to landing, right?,
does that make sense, because we want
search term to come in from redox, so its
going to pass it in as a prop to landing.
>> Brian: And
the way that it's actually gonna end
up happening is we're
gonna do export default,
and we're gonna call connect with
(napStateToProp)(Landing).
So, now,
landing is a redux connected component.
So, what connect does,
is you call it with mapStateToProps.
It creates a new function.
Which we are then immediately
invoking on landing.
That's why it has that two-function call.
So, connect returns a function, and
then we're calling that function.
>> Brian: So, now, landing is always going
to have that redux available search term.
That make sense any questions about that?
Okay, so, now,
we have search term available as a prop.
To landing.
So, let's actually go document that,
const  = React.
PropType.
Then here we're gonna say,
propType: and
searchTerm is going to be a string.
Okay.
And now, we can put that on input.
So, now, value is going to be equal
to .
Right.
>> Brian: So,
just to demonstrate this working.
I'll actually push a branch.
Yeah, I'll push a branch after this.
We'll write the, yeah, so we'll in about,
we'll take a break in about 20 minutes.
>> Speaker 2: Looks like you may
have a typo, scroll up a little bit.
PropTypes.
React.PropTypes, line four.
>> Brian: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: What did
you say about 20 minutes.
>> Brian: We'll break for
lunch in twenty minutes, is that too long?
>> Speaker 2: There's a question-
>> Speaker 4: Kind of, it's 12:20 already.
>> Brian: Okay, I'll finish this and
we'll take a break.
>> Speaker 4: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: It's got a question,
where have you define the props
in landing component?
The part of the interface, right?
>> Brian: Where did I define it?
Or why did I define it?
>> Speaker 2: Where?
>> Brian: So,
it's coming from redux, right?
That's what this mapStateToProps does,
is it pulls out of redux, and
passes it in as a prop.
>> Brian: And that's where it comes
in here, as it's coming from redux.
Via connect.
>> Brian: So, connect is just
going to inject that in there.
>> Brian: Okay, so
just to kind of demonstrate to
you this is actually working.
Well, let's go back to reducers.
And just put in something random in here.
>> Brian: It can literally
be something random.
So, now, if we save that, still running,
okay, and we refresh, and
go back to the home page, now,
we're getting something random in their,
which is coming from redux, right?
You won't be able to modify it for
the same reason that before.
We have no way of modifying redux.
But I guess, you're just gonna
have to hang on the edge of your
seats until after lunch to fix that.
>> [LAUGH]